Discussion (#20)
greenelab/annorxiver_manuscript: content/05.discussion.md

## Discussion

> We analyzed the language contained within preprints and observed how it changes through the publication process.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We analyzed the language contained used in preprints and examined how it changes through the publication process.  
```

> We found that bioRxiv and PubMed Central (PMC) have similar word frequency distributions (Figure {@fig:kl_divergence}), which suggests that quite a number of preprints are being published into journals participating in PMC's Open Access corpus [@doi:10.7554/eLife.45133]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We found that bioRxiv and PubMed Central (PMC) have similar word frequency distributions, which suggests that the overall manner of writing is consistent with the biomedical literature. 
```

> We also found that tokens highly associated with bioRxiv are related to the neuroscience and bioinformatics field when compared to PMC (Figure {@fig:biorxiv_pmc_global_comparison}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the token level, those most strongly associated with bioRxiv are related to neuroscience and bioinformatics, which are also fields that have seen high uptake of preprinting [@doi:10.7554/eLife.45133].
```

> This observation arose as bioRxiv has an influx of neuroscience and bioinformatics preprints (Figure {@fig:biorxiv_categories}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Furthermore, this influx is the reason for our second principal component depicting the concept of "neuroscience vs bioinformatics" (Figure {@fig:pca_word_cloud_plot}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also found that the second principal component for our language embedding differentiated neuroscience and bioinformatics papers.
```

> We noticed that a multitude of preprints highly associated with the first principal component have restrictive or no copyright license (Table {#tbl:five_pc1_table}).

Reviewer: I feel like the first PC should come up before the second one.

This finding highlights the ongoing problem of restricted access within the scientific community [@doi:10.1038/nature.2017.22161; @url:https://blog.dhimmel.com/biorxiv-licenses/].

> We found that over time preprints are successfully getting published at a higher rate than previously estimated (Figure {@fig:updated_pub_rate}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We examined preprints that were textually similar to published articles and found numerous preprints that had been published and not previously linked, which led us to find that the life sciences preprint publication rate is higher than previously estimated.
```

> This observation supports the efficacy of preprints and counters previous findings that suggested preprints are slow to publish [@doi:10.1002/leap.1265].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preprint-publication similarity also predicts the journals that will publish a manuscript.
```

> We trained two nearest-neighbor classifiers to recommend journals based on the content of a preprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This observation enabled us to provide a web application that allows users to identify the papers and journals that are most similar to a _bioRxiv_ or _medRxiv_ preprint.
```

> Our first classifier recommends journals based on top ten closest papers and our second classifier recommends journals based on an average of all papers published in a given journal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Both classifiers obtained modest results (Figure {@fig:knn_auc}), which suggests that journal recommendation requires more information than just paper content alone. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Plus, this task is cofounded by mega-journals as they publish a vast number of articles covering a multiple of different research categories ever year [@doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0165359].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Overall, our findings confirm that preprints are advantageous to the scientific community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
